README.md, before:

# Colony Survival 2D (TypeScript)

Modular TypeScript port of the single-file HTML game. Uses Vite for dev/build.

## Try it

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open the local URL in your browser. Use WASD to pan, 1..6 to select buildings, LMB to place, RMB to cancel/erase, Space to pause, H for help, +/- zoom, F fast-forward.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Deploy to GitHub Pages

This repo includes a GitHub Actions workflow that builds and deploys to GitHub Pages.

1) In GitHub → Settings → Pages:
	- Set Source to “GitHub Actions”.

2) Push to `main` to trigger the workflow.

The workflow uses Vite’s `base` set from `BASE_PATH` so assets work under the repo subpath. No changes are needed locally. The site will be available at:

```
https://<your-username>.github.io/ColonyGame/
```

If you fork and rename the repo, the workflow will still set the base path correctly using the repository name.

## Structure

- `src/core/*`: utilities
- `src/game/*`: game types, constants, buildings, renderer, Game class
- `index.html`, `style.css`: shell

## Notes

- Logic closely mirrors original; future work: unit tests, data-driven content, save/load.

Commit message:

feat: Implement RimWorld-style work priority system with detailed documentation
- Added a comprehensive work priority system allowing colonists to be assigned jobs based on skills and needs.
- Introduced a user-friendly Work Priority Panel accessible via the `P` key.
- Defined work types and their priorities, including emergency and core work tasks.
- Provided tips for specialization and balanced colonist roles.
- Included hotkeys for quick access to UI features.

fix: Resolve z-index conflict for Work Priority Panel

- Fixed rendering issues where mobile control buttons overlapped the Work Priority Panel.
- Implemented logic to hide mobile controls when the panel is open, ensuring a clean user experience.

refactor: Centralize game state management in GameState class

- Created a GameState class to encapsulate all game entities and data, improving state management.
- Included methods for resetting the game state and checking night time.

feat: Enhance input handling with InputManager

- Developed an InputManager to manage mouse, keyboard, and touch inputs.
- Added support for detecting mouse position, keyboard state, and touch gestures.

feat: UI management improvements with UIManager

- Introduced a UIManager to handle visibility and interactions of various UI elements.
- Implemented context menu support and long-press detection for mobile devices.

feat: Camera system for managing viewport and zoom

- Created a CameraSystem to handle camera positioning, zoom levels, and coordinate transformations.

feat: Resource management system for tracking colony resources

- Developed a ResourceSystem to manage resource quantities, transactions, and storage capacity.

feat: Time management system for day/night cycle and game speed

- Implemented a TimeSystem to control the game time, including day length and pause functionality.

README.md, after:

# Colony Survival 2D (TypeScript)

Modular TypeScript port of the single-file HTML game. Uses Vite for dev/build.

## Try it

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Then open the local URL in your browser. Use WASD to pan, 1..6 to select buildings, LMB to place, RMB to cancel/erase, Space to pause, H for help, +/- zoom, F fast-forward.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Deploy to GitHub Pages

This repo includes a GitHub Actions workflow that builds and deploys to GitHub Pages.

1) In GitHub → Settings → Pages:
	- Set Source to “GitHub Actions”.

2) Push to `main` to trigger the workflow.

The workflow uses Vite’s `base` set from `BASE_PATH` so assets work under the repo subpath. No changes are needed locally. The site will be available at:

```
https://<your-username>.github.io/ColonyGame/
```

If you fork and rename the repo, the workflow will still set the base path correctly using the repository name.

## Structure

- `src/core/*`: utilities
- `src/game/*`: game types, constants, buildings, renderer, Game class
- `index.html`, `style.css`: shell
- `docs/*`: technical documentation organized by system

## Documentation

📚 **[View Full Documentation](./docs/README.md)**

All technical documentation has been organized into the `docs/` folder by system:
- 🔧 **Refactoring** - Architecture improvements (UI/Input managers, systems extraction)
- 🏥 **Medical** - Health and treatment systems
- 🎯 **Work Priority** - RimWorld-style work assignment
- 🗺️ **Navigation** - Enemy AI and pathfinding
- 🌍 **Regions** - Region-based pathfinding
- ⚔️ **Combat** - Combat mechanics
- And more...

See the [docs index](./docs/README.md) for the complete list of 59 organized documentation files.

## Notes

- Logic closely mirrors original; future work: unit tests, data-driven content, save/load.
